Resolves #2446 (#2492)
MicrosoftDocs/windows-powershell-docs: docset/winserver2012r2-ps/activedirectory/Get-ADDomainController.md

```

### -ForceDiscover

> Indicates that the cmdlet to clears any cached domain controller information and perform a new discovery.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Indicates to the cmdlet to clear any cached domain controller information and perform a new discovery.
```
